Feat/issue #27 (#51)
optittm/bugprediction: docs/advanced_configuration.md

```json
{
    "<2.0.0": ["path_1"]
}
```

Then for all versions less than 2.0.0 (exclusive), the restriction will be `["path_1"]`.

#### The `>` Operator

The `>` operator is used to specify a minimum version restriction, excluding the specified version. For example, if the configuration is:

```json
{
    ">2.0.0": ["path_1"]
}
```

Then for all versions greater than 2.0.0 (exclusive), the restriction will be ["path_1"].

#### The `]]` Operator

The `]]` operator is used to specify a range of versions, excluding both endpoints. For example, if the configuration is:

```json
{
    "]]1.0.0,2.0.0": ["path_1"]
}

```

Then for all versions greater than 1.0.0 (exclusive) and less than 2.0.0 (inclusive), the restriction will be ["path_1"].

#### The `[[` Operator

The `[[` operator is used to specify a range of versions, excluding both endpoints. For example, if the configuration is:

```json
{
    "[[1.0.0,2.0.0": ["path_1"]
}

```

Then for all versions greater than 1.0.0 (inclusive) and less than 2.0.0 (exclusive), the restriction will be ["path_1"].

#### The `[]` Operator

> The `[]` operator is used to specify a range of versions, excluding both endpoints. For example, if the configuration is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[]` operator is used to specify a range of versions, including both versions. For example, if the configuration is:
```

```json
{
    "[]1.0.0,2.0.0": ["path_1"],
    "1.0.0,2.0.0": ["path_1"],
}

```

Then for all versions greater than 1.0.0 (inclusive) and less than 2.0.0 (inclusive), the restriction will be ["path_1"]. In addition, two versions is specified without an operator, the default operator used is `[]`.

#### The `][` Operator

The `][` operator is used to specify a range of versions, excluding both endpoints. For example, if the configuration is:

```json
{
    "][1.0.0,2.0.0": ["path_1"]
}

```

Then for all versions greater than 1.0.0 (exclusive) and less than 2.0.0 (exclusive), the restriction will be ["path_1"].

#### The `*` Operator

> The `*` operator matches any version without restriction. For example, if the configuration is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `*` operator matches any version without restriction. It acts as the default rule if no other is specified. For example, if the configuration is:
```
